CCLR - Carbon & Climate Law Review
Skip to content
CCLR - Carbon & Climate Law Review
shopping cart
Register
Login
EN
DE
EN
Home
Journals
AbfallR - Zeitschrift für das Recht der Kreislaufwirtschaft
AIRe - International Journal of AI Law and Regulation
CCLR - Carbon & Climate Law Review
CoRe - European Competition and Regulatory Law Review
Delphi - Interdisciplinary Review of Emerging Technologies
EDPL - European Data Protection Law Review
EFFL - European Food and Feed Law Review
EHPL - European Health & Pharmaceutical Law Review
ENLR - European Networks Law & Regulation Quarterly
EPLR - European Pharmaceutical Law Review
EPPPL - European Procurement & Public Private Partnership Law Review
EStAL - European State Aid Law Quarterly
EStIF - European Structural and Investment Funds Journal
EurUP - Zeitschrift für Europäisches Umwelt- und Planungsrecht
I+E - Zeitschrift für Immissionsschutzrecht und Emissionshandel
ICRL – International Chemical Regulatory and Law Review
StoffR - Zeitschrift für Stoffrecht
UWP - Umweltrechtliche Beiträge aus Wissenschaft und Praxis
W+B - Zeitschrift für Deutsches und Europäisches Wasser-, Abwasser- und Bodenschutzrecht
Books
Events
Contact
Carbon & Climate Law Review
Recent issue
All issues
About this journal
Subscription / Shop
×
Login
Please log in with your eMail address or username and password.
Remember me
Reset password
Login
Carbon & Climate Law Review
A Journal on Climate Law and Regulation As climate policies evolve around the globe, attention is shifting from their conceptual design to the challenges of implementation. Where theoretical concerns once dominated, legal professionals are now called upon to ensure smooth operation of the regulatory framework. Law provides the requisite framework to structure deals in climate finance and the carbon market, anchor adaptation requirements in land use and disaster planning rules, afford protection to the human rights of climate refugees, or balance the risks and opportunities of emerging technologies such as geoengineering and carbon capture and sequestration. Responding to the demand for a discussion forum on these issues, the Carbon & Climate Law Review strikes a balance between the interests of practitioners and a more doctrinal focus, alternating legal policy recommendations with timely articles on legal aspects of climate change mitigation and adaptation. A section on current developments updates readers on recent developments, political decisions, new literature and relevant events. Most importantly, however, the Carbon & Climate Law Review brings together representatives from the legal discipline and other stakeholders in one specialised journal, allowing them to engage in a dynamic debate on the law of climate change. Publication frequency: quarterly approx. 70 pages ISSN 18 64-99 04
You want to know more about CCLR? Editorial Board Reading Sample Special Offer 2-for-1
Write for us!
Call for Papers
Author Guidelines
more
News
CCLR 2/2023 Out Now
2023-10-19
CCLR 1/2023 Out Now
2023-06-07
CCLR 4/2022 Out Now
2023-02-03
CCLR 3/2022 Out Now
2022-10-19
more current news...
Share CCLR
email
facebook
linkedin
twitter
Current Issue
Issue 2 / 2023
CCLR 2/2023 (Vol. 17)
Editorial
Kate McKenzie
Reparations For Climate Harm and The Role of The Loss and Damage Mechanism: Lessons from Other Areas of Law
Oscar Davison
Regulatory Approaches to Carbon Dioxide Usage and Storage in the European Union
Tatu Hocksell
more
Impressum
Terms and Conditions
Data Protection
Advertising Rates
Contact